Motivations for project plan. Writing up the paper will be very fast, and most of the time will be spend exploring, finding out what is interesting to write about, and then producing the figures. I want to look at the literature to get an idea of things to look at, but I will hold off on writing the literature review until later in the exploration phase where I have narrowed down the exact ideas I want to look at in detail. 

Week 6:  Identify interesting time series case studies to look at and start developing ARIMA and LSTM toolkits
Week 7:  Finish developing ARIMA and LSTM for time series, and start exploring with these toolkits
Week 8:  Create more detailed structure of the results part of the paper, and preparing figures from experiments. Start writing
Week 9:  Finish main writing of results
Week 10: Conclusions, introduction, abstract, formatting
Week 11: Tidying up and starting work on presentation materials
Week 12: Slack week

If I have more time:
- Look into LSTM that uses surrounding spatial data
- Test for non-stationary variance and explore GARCH models
- Do annoying formatting for two columns


OLD PLAN

I started diverging from this plan around week 3, but now I have taken things differently enough that I need to revise it

Week 1: Research into time series analysis and forecasting, exploration of software options, initial look at trends in data and geographic plots
Week 2: Finish initial research into time series analysis and forecasting methods, build data analysis machinery, dip toes into literature
Week 3: Explore the literature and use it as inspiration of things to look at, use previously built data analysis tools to explore the data
Week 4: Start the code for forecasting and continue exploring the data
Week 5: Finish the main development of the forecasting code. I also want to write a bit about how this works
Week 6: I want to have a decent idea of what I am going to write about and explore in detail at this point. Further exploration will be done with the structure of the report in mind. I'll start writing the literature review here
Week 7: Finish up the literature review early in the week and begin the outline of the bulk of the text. This outline will serve as a structure to determine what analysis needs to be done, and the main focus will be on doing that analysis rather than writing.
Week 8: Continue doing analysis and forecasting
Week 9: Methodology section will be written here, alongside further analysis
Week 10: Write the bulk of the paper and do any necessary analysis that has been missed
Week 11: Finish writing other sections, fill in periphery parts such as introduction, conclusion, and abstract. Start work on poster
Week 12: Slack week to account for optimistic scheduling and tidying up

Updates:
End of week 3: Based on Lama's advice I decided to change the plan and work on the methodology in week 3 instead of in week 9. The reading for the literature review that I planned to do in week 3 will now be done in week 4, and I will also start writing parts of it now instead of in week 6. The methodology is still unfinished, but should be wrapped up in a day.
